# The Prosperity Public License 3.0.0

Contributor: Honeybadger Industries LLC

Source Code: https://github.com/honeybadger-io/heya

## Purpose

This license allows you to use and share this software for noncommercial
purposes for free and to try this software for commercial purposes for thirty
days.

## Agreement

In order to receive this license, you have to agree to its rules.  Those rules
are both obligations under that agreement and conditions to your license.
Don't do anything with this software that triggers a rule you can't or won't
follow.

## Notices

Make sure everyone who gets a copy of any part of this software from you, with
or without changes, also gets the text of this license and the contributor and
source code lines above.

## Commercial Trial

Limit your use of this software for commercial purposes to a thirty-day trial
period.  If you use this software for work, your company gets one trial period
for all personnel, not one trial per person.

## Contributions Back

Developing feedback, changes, or additions that you contribute back to the
contributor on the terms of a standardized public software license such as [the
Blue Oak Model License 1.0.0](https://blueoakcouncil.org/license/1.0.0), [the
Apache License 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.html), [the MIT
license](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html), or [the two-clause BSD
license](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-2-Clause.html) doesn't count as use for
a commercial purpose.

## Personal Uses

Personal use for research, experiment, and testing for the benefit of public
knowledge, personal study, private entertainment, hobby projects, amateur
pursuits, or religious observance, without any anticipated commercial
application, doesn't count as use for a commercial purpose.

## Noncommercial Organizations

Use by any charitable organization, educational institution, public research
organization, public safety or health organization, environmental protection
organization, or government institution doesn't count as use for a commercial
purpose regardless of the source of funding or obligations resulting from the
funding.

## Defense

Don't make any legal claim against anyone accusing this software, with or
without changes, alone or with other technology, of infringing any patent.

## Copyright

The contributor licenses you to do everything with this software that would
otherwise infringe their copyright in it.

## Patent

The contributor licenses you to do everything with this software that would
otherwise infringe any patents they can license or become able to license.

## Reliability

The contributor can't revoke this license.

## Excuse

You're excused for unknowingly breaking [Notices](#notices) if you take all
practical steps to comply within thirty days of learning you broke the rule.

## No Liability

***As far as the law allows, this software comes as is, without any warranty or
condition, and the contributor won't be liable to anyone for any damages
related to this software or this license, under any kind of legal claim.***
